http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1034~James~Brown~01/05/1945~James Brown, a gunner in the Murmansk Run, informs others the war is over~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/2im.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1035~David~Peat~19/08/1942~David Peat enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ez0.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1042~George~Burrows~19/08/1942~George Burrows loses his close friend in the Battle of Dieppe~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/p1m.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1043~Jan~de Vries~05/06/1944~Jan de Vries prepares as a bombardier for the D-Day battles in Normandy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/z2q.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1045~Helen~Crawley~01/02/1942~Helen Crawley enlists and eventually becomes a motorcycle dispatch rider~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/3vi.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1046~Robert~Guy~01/12/1939~Robert Guy enlists in the Army and volunteers for Royal Fusiliers' Parachute Regiment~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/xzw.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1049~Olive~Peat (nÈe Mattews)~01/10/1944~Olive Peat is sent over to London as a clerk at the Canada House, the Canadian Military Headquarters.~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/r04.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1050~Malcolm~Andrade~01/09/1943~Malcolm Andrade enlists in the Air Force as a bomber~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/mbs.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1058~Douglas~Annis~01/10/1940~Douglas Annis joins the Army as a lineman~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/yjz.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1059~Ernest~Bone~01/06/1943~Ernest Bone crosses the Atlantic to train at the Winnipeg Air Force Base~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/33s.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1060~J.A. RenÈ~Brunette~07/03/1945~J.A. Brunette's crew on HMCS La Hulloise sink a U-1302 submarine~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/w20.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1061~Bill~Davis~13/10/1944~Bill Davis participates in the Battle of the Scheldt~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/2xh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1062~Elizabeth (Betty)~Dimock~28/04/1942~Elizabeth Dimock travels to South Africa as part of the South African Medical Nursing Service~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/qfg.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1065~Helen~Rochon~15/06/1944~Helen Rochon experiences an air raid while stationed in London, England~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/u3v.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1066~Carol~Duffus~01/03/1943~Carol Duffus enlists in the Womens Royal Canadian Naval Service (WRCNS) and becomes a staff training officer~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/wow.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1067~Hubert~Gray~01/07/1942~Hubert Gray participates as an Allied bomber in the Battle of El Alamein in Egypt~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/4qd.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1068~Bob~Farquharson~01/02/1945~Bob Farquharson flies in supplies to Allied troops in Burma~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/idt.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1069~Tom~Rappel~29/04/1944~Tom Rappel and crew on HMCS Haida battle two German destroyers off the Ile de Bas, France~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/axl.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1070~Frank~Aldred~02/03/1941~Frank Aldred crosses the equator on HMS Prince Henry~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ewr.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1071~Bernard~Finestone~01/12/1943~Bernard Finestone and troops from the British Colombia Dragoons cross the Moro River in Italy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/kx5.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1073~John~Forbes~07/03/1945~John Forbes is wounded in battle in Nijmegen, Holland~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/p5c.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1074~Corinne~SÈvigny~01/01/1941~Corinne Sévigny joins the Canadian Womens Army Corps (CWAC) in Quebec City~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/2w0.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1075~Anthony~Slugoski~01/10/1939~Anthony Slugoski joins the Air Force and begins training~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/njd.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1077~Harvey~Burns~01/09/1942~Harvey Burns trains as part of the Royal Canadian Navy in Cornwallis, Nova Scotia~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/5ux.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1079~John~Springer~25/04/1945~John Springer is wounded near the border of Holland and Germany~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/gyf.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1080~Cyril~Roach~05/06/1944~Cyril Roach and crew leave the Isle of Wight to participate in D-Day landings~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/rc2.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1081~Jack~Stapleton~01/01/1943~Jack Stapleton joins the Merchant Navy and is eventually deployed to Calcutta, India~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/h4z.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1082~Margarita~Trull~01/01/1943~Margarita Trull joins the Women Royal Naval Service (WRENS) and becomes a cryptologist (secret agent).~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/5rp.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1085~Leonard~Allbon~01/09/1940~Leonard Allbon is stationed in England just as the Battle of Britain commences~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/xhv.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1086~Marie~Duchesnay~01/06/1943~Marie Duchesnay joins the Women Royal Naval Service (WRENS) and begins training in coding and de-coding~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/sqt.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1087~John~Honsberger~06/06/1944~John Honsberger watches troops land on D-Day~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/v1w.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1088~Hugh~Bartley~16/09/1944~Hugh Bartley crashes his Mosquito aircraft in Belgium~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/0b1.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1089~Jean~Cauchy~05/01/1945~Jean Cauchy performs his last air raid over Hannover~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/zoi.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1091~Edward~Beaven~24/12/1944~Edward Beaven serves in Bethlehem on Christmas Eve~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/3ob.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1092~Edward~Borland~01/09/1944~Edward Borland celebrates with Canadian troops and French civilians after the liberation of Dieppe~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/wgx.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1094~Robert~Lundmark~05/03/1945~Robert Lundmark trains as a motor mechanic in Saskatoon~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/xvd.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1095~Stirling~Squarebriggs~30/11/1945~Stirling Squarebriggs is discharged from the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/vcn.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1096~Hubert~Lalonde~08/05/1945~Hubert Lalonde was stationed in Woerdon when the war ends~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/lls.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1099~Leonard~Link~20/12/1942~Leonard Link goes to Alberta to undergo poisonous gas testing~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/wzh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1102~Harold~Bronson~10/09/1942~Harold Bronson qualifies as an air navigator with the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/vmy.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1103~Philip~Kazimir~12/09/1939~Philip Kazimir enlists as a driver for the Argyles D Company~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/004.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1104~Mike~Hawryliw~01/09/1941~Mike Hawryliw participates in experimental gas testing in Suffield, Alberta~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/fod.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1106~Roy~Heron~30/06/1942~Roy Heron enlists in the Canadian Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/gaq.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1107~Arthur~Webster~06/11/1943~Arhtur Webster gets married before being stationed overseas~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/dwt.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1108~Mervyn~Couse~13/02/1945~Mervyn Couse serves as a pilot during the Bombing of Dresden~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/011.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1111~Geraldine~Muter~17/04/1942~Geraldine Muter is called up to serve in the British Commonwealth Air Training Program~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/wxm.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1113~Charles~Kewen~08/08/1944~Charles Kewen takes a two week leave while stationed in India~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/phg.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1115~Melbourne~Le Marquand~19/12/1944~Melbourne Le Marquand is awarded a Military Medal for his actions in Bruuk, Holland~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/pmv.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1116~Alexander~Scott~01/01/1942~Alexander Scott enlists in the Air Force~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/usr.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1117~Edith~Middleton~27/08/1942~Edith Middleton enlists and works as a "Lumber Jill" in Scotland~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/klh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1118~Brian~MacConnell~18/04/1945~Brian MacConnell shoots down a German Arado aircraft~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/pkd.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1119~Donald~McIntosh~01/09/1945~Donald McIntosh rides on HMS Queen Mary with Sir Winston Churchill~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/vkc.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1121~Donald~Racicot~15/09/1944~Donald Racicot serves in the military as a mechanic~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/gy2.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1123~Bill~Watterson~03/01/1942~Bill Watterson enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/zfewbxlgjikcqjcsxvkh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1124~Murray~Ginsberg~20/08/1942~Murray Ginsberg joins the Royal Canadian Ordinance Corps band~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/eue.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1125~Ed~Pearson~01/01/1945~Ed Pearson is assigned to Special Operations Executive (SOE), flying to Sri Lanka (then Ceylon)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/mlp.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1129~Cecil~Hancock~01/06/1942~Cecil Hancock enlists in the Air Force and trains in the praries~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/vjm.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1130~Louis~Curran~08/05/1945~Louis Curran was stationed in the trenches in Holland when the war ends~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/pga.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1133~May~Gillman~07/09/1940~May Gillman serves as a nurse while London is bombed~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/guj.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1134~John~McCarst~30/09/1944~John McCarst boards HMCS Midland, his first time on a ranger ship~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/mnv.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1135~Norman~Dawber~23/06/1944~Norman Dawber flies in France as part of the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) 438 Squadron~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/hqt.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1136~Howard~Love~01/02/1940~Howard Love's squadron is re-equipped with Liberator aircrafts~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/hqi.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1138~Adeline~Bowland~06/11/1940~Adeline Bowland is torpedoed en route to Europe~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/1ax.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1139~John~Stephen~Dec 1 1940~John Stephen serves on HMS Majola~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/fbr.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1140~Pierre~Bauset~25/11/1943~Pierre Bauset is shot down returning from Frankfurt~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/cvn.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1141~Charles~Scott~18/11/1944~Charles Scott serves on HMCS Fergus~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/nkr.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1142~Kenneth~Wootton~19/07/1944~Kenneth Wootton participates in the Battle of Verrieres Ridge~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/53c.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1145~Anatole~CÙtÈ~01/04/1945~Anatole Cote crashes in Holland and stays hidden thanks to a Dutchman~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/qyp.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1147~John~Slater~01/01/1942~John Slater joins the Royal Canadian Corps of Sgnals~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ptz.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1150~Thomas~Atherton~01/07/1943~Thomas Atherton joins the Merchant Navy and sails to India~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/glb.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1154~John~Covan~01/12/1943~John Covan and crew on the SS Green Gables Park avoid a Japanese submarine attack~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/aqt.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1158~Walter~Hayden~01/02/1945~Walter Hayden completes his tour with 432 Squadron~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/4ks.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1161~George~Evans~21/05/1942~George Evans and crew on the SS Pieter de Hoogh are attacked departing Iceland~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/gcq.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1163~Margaret~Brownlee~01/01/1944~Margaret Brownlee is stationed in England as a driver~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/rra.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1164~Robert~Govan~20/01/1944~Robert Govan prepares for battle in Dunkirk, France~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/npo.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1165~Ed~Green~23/10/1944~Ed Green carries out an airraid over the city of Essen~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/j3j.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1167~Bruce~Little~01/02/1941~Bruce Little survives German submarine attacks while crossing the Atlantic~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/kod.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1173~Robert~Rodgers~01/04/1945~Robert Rodgers guards German Prisoners of War (POWs) in Quebec~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/0ma.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1176~Rex~Fendick~06/06/1944~Rex Fendick lands on Sword Beach as part of D-Day operations~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/xp1.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1178~Alec~MacInnis~25/12/1943~Alec MacInnis spends his fourth consecutive Christmas away from his family~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/tpo.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1181~Allan~Backman~09/07/1944~Allan Backman participates in the Battle for Caen~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ndy.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1185~Lewis~Billard~01/10/1943~Lewis Billard begins training as part of the Royal canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/a1b.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1189~Jean~Carroll~01/01/1945~Jean Carroll is stationed in a Scottish hospital as a nurse~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/gob.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1199~Fred~Allison~16/12/1944~Fred Allison participates in the Battle of the Bulge~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ecv.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1201~Robert~Atkins~01/07/1943~Robert Atkins serves in the Aleutian Islands~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/i22.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1209~Lawrence~Wagg~01/11/1944~Lawrence Wagg travels from North Africa to Italy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/cnh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1213~Mavis~Butlin~19/10/1941~Mavis Butlin enlists in the Womens Canadian Royal Naval Service (WCRNS)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/soqqgurfufezsnkczlgv.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1216~Murray~Copot~01/03/1942~Murray Copot begins acitve service on HMCS Chippewa~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/5r0.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1217~Ella~Curtis~30/03/1944~Ella Curtis meets Princess Alice on her visit to the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) Women's Division in Canada~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/yum.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1219~Bruce~Agnew~22/08/1942~Bruce Agnew joins the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/jxo.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1220~C.~Alward~01/09/1943~Mr. Alward survives German submarine attacks in the Atlantic~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/205.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1224~Doris~Wallace~07/05/1945~Doris Wallace plays in the Canadian Women's Army Corps (CWAC) Pipe Band for soldiers waiting to return home~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/n4z.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1225~Douglas~Warren~19/08/1942~Douglas Warren participates in the air battle in Dieppe~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/pnl.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1226~Joseph~Hawkins~06/06/1944~Jospeh Hawkins serves as an air bomber during D-Day~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/evb.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1229~Douglas~Drew~27/10/1944~Douglas Drew serves as a Royal Air Force (RAF) mechanic in North Africa~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/qqs.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1231~Jean-Marcel~D'Aoust~19/08/1942~Jean-Marcel D'Aoust fights in the doomed battle of Dieppe~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/i1g.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1244~George~McLean~06/06/1944~George McLean and crew land a mobile hospital on Omaha Beach in Normandy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/csh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1249~James~Moffat~25/03/1945~James Moffat experiences a mid-air collision and lands safely in a small Belgian town~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/qnk.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1252~Charles~Owens~21/08/1944~Charles Owens is stationed in Antwerp after breaking through the Falaise Gap~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/lnq.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1256~Wilbert~Prentice~02/10/1944~Wilbert Prentice participates in a transport platoon during the Battle of the Scheldt~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/mjc.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1260~David~Seager~01/01/1944~David Seagar undergoes jungle training in India before being stationed in Burma~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/vgq.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1263~Emile~Thibault~01/04/1945~Emile Thibault is released from a German Prisoner of War (POW) camp~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/yjh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1270~David~Havard~02/10/1944~David Havard crews a Bren Gun Carrier during the Battle of the Schedlt~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/s3o.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1271~Leonard~Whiffen~25/05/1942~Leonard Whiffen, aboard HMS Menestheus, aids in sinking German bismark~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/4ly.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1280~Francis~Godon~06/06/1944~Francis Godon lands in Juno Beach on D-Day and is captured by the Germans~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/oeeydwngbjgkttgpttlm.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1290~Bill~Hembroff~19/06/1944~Bill Hembroff begins active service on HMCS Chippewa~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/3n1.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1291~Paul-…mile~Lamouche~19/05/1944~Paul-Emile Lamouche is captured as a Prisoner of War (POW) in Cassino, Italy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/v2n.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1293~Malcolm~McLeod~16/12/1944~Malcolm McLeod and Canadian troops support the British army in the Battle of the Bulge~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/3gq.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1294~William~Kondra~23/10/1941~William Kondra enlists in the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) and eventually earns numerous war medals~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ps4.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1297~Norman~Wrigglesworth~01/01/1946~Norman Wrigglesworth stops off in Hong Kong dropping troops off after the war~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/nqv.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1298~Grace~Breau-Theriault~01/01/1944~Grace Breau-Theriault works as a nurse in Pinewood, England~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ksy.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1299~Joseph~Friedman~01/12/1944~Joseph Friedman is shot down during a bombing raid of the town Witten~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/wbb.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1307~Malcolm~MacConnell~14/06/1944~Malcolm MacConnell flies 21 operations with the 50 RAF Squadron~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/xit.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1310~Malcom~Lunan~24/05/1941~Malcolm Lunan repairs some of the convoy ships sunk with HMS Hood~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ddk.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1311~Joseph~Rivard~01/06/1940~Joseph Rivard enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/tl4.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1312~Norman~Silver~24/12/1943~Norman Silver and crew aboard HMCS Quatsino avoid German submarines~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/xlo.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1313~Peter~Van Breevoort~01/08/1944~Peter Van Breevoort is detained in Vught concentration camp with his brother~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/f0v.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1314~Jim~Peters~01/01/1943~Jim Peters and crew take Italian prisoners aboard HMCS Regina~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/kds.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1315~William~GÈlineau~01/01/1942~William Gelineau joins the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) as a bomber~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/rhh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1316~Robert~Routledge~01/10/1940~Robert Routledge is called for active duty with the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/e1d.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1317~Jean Marie~Milot~17/08/1945~Jean Marie Milot completes Infantry training~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/2u4.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1319~Jean~Clermont~01/01/1943~Jean Clermont and his squadron are attacked by Germans in Canterbury~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/yjb.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1320~Ernest~Randle~23/01/1942~Ernest Randle enlists in the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/dez.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1321~Robert~Kerr~01/03/1945~Robert Kerr is captured and serves as a driver for a German Prisoner of War (POW) camp~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/yyo.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1322~Leonidas~Lemaire~17/01/1944~Leonidas Lemaire participates in the Battle of Monte Cassino~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/d1y.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1323~AndrÈ-Paul~Turin~15/11/1942~Andre-Paul Turin is stationed in Algeria with the French Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/z2i.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1324~Fred~Linnington~01/11/1940~Fred Linnington sails from Montreal to the Caribbean with the Merchant Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/uh5.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1325~Harold~Harden~01/01/1942~Harold Harden begins sailing the Atlantic as part of the Murmansk Run~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/0d3.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1326~Malcolm~Young~01/01/1941~Malcolm Young begins service with the 8th Reconnaisance Regiment~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/si1.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1327~Olive~Henderson~01/11/1942~Olive Henderson begins training as a coder for the Women's Canadian Royal Navy Service (WCRNS)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ifw.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1331~Arthur~Fraser~19/08/1942~Arthur Fraser is captured as a Prisoner of War (POW) during the Battle of Dieppe~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/3gc.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1333~Raymond "Ray"~Lewis~24/05/1942~Raymond Lewis serves as a Bren Gun Carrier at the Hitler Line~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ivhukbgzvslsoplcttex.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1337~Geoffrey~Jell~20/12/1942~Geoffrey Jell arrives in Egypt in advance of the Battle of El Alamein~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/2gr.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1338~Earl~Stiles~06/06/1944~Earl Stiles works as a Medical Officer during the Normany Invasion on D-Day~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/s5n.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1339~Russell~Smith~08/05/1943~Russell Smith trains at Camp Borden, Ontario~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/bzq.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1340~Gordon~Partridge~24/12/1942~Gordon Partridge trains as a navigator with the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/gof.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1341~Ralph~Taylor~01/07/1942~Raplh taylor serves aboard a minesweeper~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/pvp.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1342~Al~Wallace~01/05/1943~Al Wallace is captured and is sent to a Prisoner of War (POW) camp~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/r4u.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1345~James~Ritchie~01/04/1941~James Ritchie serves in the Royal Canadian Corps of Signals~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/u1p.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1350~Len~Van Roon~10/06/1944~Len Van Roon sends a note to his family after D-Day letting them know he's all right~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/hll.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1351~Edison~Yeadon~01/04/1942~Edison Yeadon's merchant ship is attacked and he is sent to a Japanese Prisoner of war (POW) camp~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/zap.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1357~Allan~Smith~20/10/1944~Allan Smith is transferred from the Buchenwald concentration camp to a Prisoner of War (POW) camp~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/zey.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1362~Herb~Pragnell~01/01/1945~Herb Pragnell is stationed in Italy near the Gothic Line~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/hbxaawrrjxpjwvqwstex.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1368~Marguerite~Plante~12/12/1944~Marguerite Plante's brother is killed in action in Italy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ock.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1371~Charles~Ross~01/01/1944~Charles Ross joins the Canadian Film and Photo Unit~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/cgprglqmnzrymbzzltlo.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1375~Okill~Stuart~06/06/1944~Okill Stuart participates in D-Day as part of the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/hwp.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1376~George~Mann~06/06/1944~George Mann capsizes his first truck in the landings on Normandy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/eoi.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1380~William~Adelman~10/01/1945~William Adelman is shot and injured while stationed in Italy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/rrj.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1384~Gordon~Bannerman~01/07/1944~Gordon Bannerman sees the Vatican while stationed in Italy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/wup.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1386~Glennis~Boyce~17/09/1943~Glennis Boyce enlists in the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) Women's Division~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/l3r.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1391~Helen~Arbuthnot~01/01/1943~Helen Arbuthnot serves in the Royal Canadian Medical Army Corps~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/yklvrfphumjzeuxrnqxs.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1397~Jack~Smallwood~01/11/1940~Jack Smallwood begins serving on HMCS Skeena~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/lcf.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1398~James~Smitherman~01/01/1944~James Smitherman crosses the Atlantic on  HMCS Bittersweet~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/vjf.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1404~Donald~Stevenson~01/07/1942~Donald Stevenson begins service in theRoyal canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/e0w.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1412~Armand~Emond~19/08/1942~Armond Emond fights with the 14th Army Tank Regiment in Dieppe~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/opx.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1418~Eric~Jensen~19/02/1944~Eric Jensen serves as a cook aboard  HMCS Haida~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/mvi.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1423~Jacques~Nadeau~01/09/1942~Jacques Nadeau is sent to a Prisoner of War (POW) camp and makes several unsuccessful attempts at escape~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/i10.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1427~Sidney~Appleyard~07/09/1944~Sidney Appleyard enlists and serves as a guard at a Prisoner of War (POW) camp~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ypc.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1429~John~Potter~25/05/1943~John Potter and crew aboard HMCS Regina sink an Italian submarine~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/mgf.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1448~Otto~Hemmerling~30/09/1943~Otto Hemmerling is posted at a radar station in Queen Charlotte Islands~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/mms.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1450~Andrew~Miller~09/09/1939~Andrew Miller enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/5g1.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1452~Frank~Dion~15/10/1942~Frank Dion enlists in the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/lus.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1456~Borden~Tymchuk~01/01/1942~Borden Tymchuk serves as a fireman on the homefront~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/egl.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1457~Douglas~Smith~01/01/1942~Douglas Smith begins training as a pilot with the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ya1.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1458~Nellie~Rettenbacher~01/06/1943~Nellie Rettenbacher enlists in the Canadian Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/gdf.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1460~Fred~Maiden~20/12/1943~Fred Maiden is stationed in Italy during the Battle of Ortona~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/n30.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1463~Gertrude~Luscombe nÈe Lovgren~01/01/1941~Gertrude Luscombe enlists in Vancouver and serves in an Army mess hall~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/5ib.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1465~Ruby~Foley~15/08/1945~Ruby Foley travels with others from the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) to begin shutting down the eastern stations~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/l5z.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1466~Brian~Murphy~05/06/1944~Brian Murphy and troops enter Rome~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/qy4.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1468~William~Britch~01/06/1946~William Britch marries his war bride, Carol, before returning home~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/bpy.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1469~Alan~Cameron~13/10/1943~Alan Cameron enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/bcs.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1470~Eugenie~Turner~01/12/1943~Eugenie Turner is posted overseas with the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) bomber command~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/xqkjitlpsqcnepogbdwg.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1473~Nigel~Taylor~24/05/1944~Nigel Taylor is wounded advancing on the Hitler Line~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/2ah.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1474~Michael~Faryna~12/04/1942~Michael Faryna is stationed as an air mechanic in Brandon, Manitoba~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/lkg.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1477~Donald~Green~20/02/1940~Donald Green enlists in the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/2e1.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1478~Geoffrey~Alington~03/09/1941~Geoffry Arlington serves as a flying Instructor for the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/n32.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1479~Steve~Lubky~01/07/1941~Steve Lubky serves as a driver mechanic for the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/4fj.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1480~Harold~Walton~01/01/1941~Harold Walton enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/teh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1481~Kenneth~France~07/01/1944~Kenneth France serves in the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) Bomber Command~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/cfu.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1482~Doris~Mitchell~06/06/1944~Doris Mitchell watches the planes fly over Sussex en route to Normandy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/tlmfujmukxxkqszoqtan.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1483~Henry~Mason~01/08/1941~Henry Mason enlists in the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ksu.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1486~Gerald~James~01/04/1945~Gerald James is liberated from a Prisoner of War (POW) camp~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/je1.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1487~Robert~Roth~01/01/1942~Robert Roth enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/jul.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1488~Arthur~Brown~18/09/1942~Arthur Brown enlists and eventually fights in the Battle of Monte Cassino~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/sx3.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1493~Ron~Rhine~16/05/1945~Ron Rhine returns home after his vessel, HMCS Niobe, is decommissioned~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/5vv.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1494~Lewis~Chow~01/01/1940~Lewis Chow enlists and serves as a spy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/524.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1495~Bruce~Findlay~06/08/1945~Bruce Findley ends his tour of the Pacific as the first atomic bomb is dropped on Hiroshima~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/y3d.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1498~Harry~Ramsey~26/05/1940~Harry Ramsey is ordered to retreat in the evacuation of Dunkirk, France~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/mkh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1499~Winifred~Sirois~26/06/1941~Winifred Sirois joins the Army and trains in Morse Code signalling~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/e2z.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1500~Albert~Sanderson~20/06/1941~Albert Sanderson enlists in the Air Force~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/uvz.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1501~Douglas~Storey~12/08/1944~Douglas Storey participates in the battle of the Falaise Pocket~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/0r0.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1502~Ray~Sowerby~01/09/1943~Ray Sowerby enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ped.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1504~Clifford~Hobbis~01/04/1945~Clifford Hobbs serves in the Army in Holland~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/a0h.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1505~John~Pavey~01/04/1944~John Pavey enlists as a Boy Seaman in the Royal Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/oad.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1506~Philip~Zeman~20/07/1940~Philip Zeman enlists in the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/13o.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1511~Robert~Mason~01/03/1945~Robert Mason is permitted compassionate leave to visit his sick mother~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/n2k.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1515~Rod~McNeill~10/05/1945~Rod McNeill and a German soldier inform German snipers the war has ended~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/kxm.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1517~Arthur~Lyon~08/05/1945~Arthur Lyon is stationed in Germany when the war ends~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/b0i.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1518~Herbert~Shillington~01/01/1942~Herbert Shillington is stationed in North Africa in Tunis, Tunisia~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/t4f.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1521~John~Marchand~16/01/1943~John Marchand enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/0gx.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1524~John~Penner~24/02/1942~John Penner enlists in the Air Force~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ajv.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1527~Frank~Moore~20/05/1942~Frank Moore enlists in the Navy and serves as a 2nd Class Stoker~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/s0y.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1528~Bill~Ramsbottom~08/05/1945~Bill Ramsbottom celebrates VE Day in Camp Shilo~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/jb0.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1530~Eric~Saunders~09/07/1943~Eric Saunders participates in the Allied invasion on Sicily~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/h0w.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1531~Stuart~Richardson~01/07/1943~Stuart Richardson enlists in the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/xsw.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1532~James~Fox~01/01/1941~James Fox is sent to the UK as an engineer for the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/i5j.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1534~Stephen~Bandurka~10/09/1945~Stephen Bandurka ends his service with the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/fpenageilrxhpggaxzdv.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1535~Jack~Williams~05/05/1944~Jack Williams is certified as a Flying Instructor with the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/w0m.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1536~Eric~Hawley~01/12/1943~Eric Hawley joins the Air Force~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/5pw.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1538~Michael~Sich~11/11/1945~Michael Sich visits the Vimy Ridge Memorial in France~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ooa.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1539~Edgar~Branch~01/04/1943~Edgar Branch helps a British pilot after a crash~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/m1k.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1541~Arthur~Gillan~01/01/1940~Arthur Gillan enlists in the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/cxn.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1680~Joan~Brownson, nÈe Roberts~01/06/1944~Joan Brownson enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/tq4.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1702~Glenn~Price~08/05/1945~Glenn Price and troops prepare vehicles for a victory parade in Holland~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/5el.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1735~Rex~Rose~08/05/1945~Rex Fendick is stationed in the English Channel when Victory in Europe is announced~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/wak.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1738~Art~Meyer~03/01/1942~Art Meyer sails for England as part of the Royal Canadian Electrical and Mechanical Engineers Corps~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ojzgufyvlxhuuglskrxq.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1797~John~Charlwood~06/06/1944~John Charlwood lands on Juno Beach for D-Day~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/5ry.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1798~David~MacDonald~01/03/1943~David Macdonald serves as an Air Force mechanic overseas~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/g5v.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1802~Sam~Garnet~01/10/1942~Sam Garnet joins the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/leibymwvvguepmwzypnt.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1804~Joseph~Gautreau~25/12/1944~Joseph Gautreau serves with the Army in Belgium~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/lzuhdhbmraxnbcktezad.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1811~Fraser~Muir~01/09/1944~Fraser Muir completes his first trip as part of the Bomber Command~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/53f.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1821~Harold~MacLauchlan~01/01/1942~Harold MacLauchlan serves in the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/4ly.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1838~Bruce~Cox~17/09/1944~Bruce Cox serves as a paratrooper during the Battle of Arnhem~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/bwumxdzeypfgwkkdcefp.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1840~Pauline~Cox Walker~06/11/1943~Pauline Cox Walker's ship is torpedoed~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/sputvfzjcgqjkeylpcsq.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1901~Murray~Whetung~08/08/1942~Murray Whetung enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/jyl.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1903~William~Jepps~01/01/1943~William Jepps enlists in the Navy and participates in the Murmansk Run~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ybi.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=1920~John~Neville~01/09/1944~John Neville is deployed to France~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/hrgwdawqtctjlxmgjplv.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2137~Louis~Howard~16/04/1945~Louis Howard and crew aboard HMCS Sarnia fail to make contact with HMCS Esquimalt~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ibt.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2160~Hewitt~Quick~25/12/1944~Hewitt Quick is deployed to Europe as a paratrooper~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ztp.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2165~Wladyslaw~Pasaj~21/06/1940~Wladyslaw Pasaj, after hiding from the Germans, boards a train for Scotland~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/3ik.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2169~Leo~Pikulski~20/08/1944~Leo Pikulski takes part in the battle for Mont Ormel Ridge~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/t2r.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2172~Marie~Venne~01/01/1943~Marie Venne serves in the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) - Women's Division~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/z1l.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2176~Art~Lang~15/07/1943~Art Lang is deployed overseas as part of the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/d23.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2177~Alice~Samuel~17/12/1943~Alice Samuels trains in Vermilion with the Canadian Women's Army Corpy (CWAC)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/uak.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2178~Daniel~Lee~30/11/1942~Daniel Lee enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/eem.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2188~Joseph~Forest~12/06/1939~Jospeh Forest enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/gqw.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2190~Rodolophe~Lavoie~21/02/1945~Rodolophe Lavoie completes his first tour with the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/bgi.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2191~John~Deluca~12/09/1944~John Deluca participates in a raid of Wanne-Eckel in Germany~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/lmc.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2192~Gerald~Connick~29/06/1942~Gerald Connick sends birthday wishes home to his wife~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/wgq.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2193~Leslie~Clarke~04/07/1944~Leslie Clarke is wounded while fighting in Carpiquet~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/1ny.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2195~Kenneth~Richardson~18/12/1942~Kenneth Richardson is en route to serve in Europe when his son is born~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/z5l.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2198~Bob~Worrell~09/05/1943~Bob Worrell is promoted to Corporal in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/pg2.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2202~Horace~Hetherington~01/07/1942~Horace Hetherington trains in England with the Canadian Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/rwh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2205~Leraine~Munn~20/12/1943~Leraine Munn serves as an Infantry Signaler in the Battle of Ortona~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/elo.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2206~Giles~Doucet~01/11/1942~Giles Doucet and crew run into a pack of submarines on the Atlantic~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/uby.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2210~Ivan~Killam~08/05/1945~Ivan Killam serves as a guard in York when the war ends~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/zueocfqhvbloctyfgwxp.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2211~Doreen~Newton~11/10/1943~Doreen Newton joins the Canadian Women's Army Corps (CWAC)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/glu.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2212~Clinton~Hayward~20/06/1945~Clinton Hayward returns home on SS Ile de France~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/kxw.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2214~Robert~Breau~01/03/1943~Robert Breau continues Army training in Greenock, Scotland~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/2se.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2216~Fred~Kirkpatrick~01/01/1940~Fred Kirkpatrick enters the Air Force and serves at the Chatham base~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/2vz.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2219~Mark~MacDonald~15/06/1940~Mark Macdonald enlists in the Army and serves in the North Shore Regiment~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/wua.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2220~Allan~MacDonald~08/08/1944~Allan MacDonald sees action in the Battle of Verrieres Ridge~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ggd.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2223~John Everard~MacLean~01/06/1944~John Everard MacLean is housed with fellow recruits in Ditchling, UK~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ib1.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2226~Bob~Phair~28/05/1944~Bob Phair is wounded while fighting in Sicily~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/esk.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2228~Donovan~Woelfle~26/05/1943~Donovan Woelfle enlists in the Merchant Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/jsa.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2230~Joan~Johnson, nÈe Cobb~15/08/1945~Joan Johnson goes to Trafalgar Square to celebrate VJ-Day~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/vff.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2231~Gordon~Waters~01/01/1942~Gordon Waters leaves the Air Force to join the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/kmd.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2234~Benjamin~Kenny~01/01/1942~Benjamin Kenny joins theRoyal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/s4j.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2241~John~Leach~07/06/1944~John Leach lands additional tanks on the shores of Normandy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/rd2.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2243~Fred~Bryant~06/07/1944~Fred Bryant serves in France as a medical officer~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/lro.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2247~Owen~Lockyer~01/07/1944~Owen Lockyer and the 4th Canadian Armoured Regiment arrive in Normandy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/cey.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2248~Ruby~Somers~01/01/1943~Ruby Somers becomes a Women's Royal Navy (WRN) and is stationed in Newfoundland~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/uio.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2250~Henry~Masters~17/02/1945~Henry Masters enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/um1.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2256~Eileen~Green, nÈe Short~13/01/1940~Eileen Green is married to Tom Green while serving as a Women's Royal Navy Service (WRNS)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/2ln.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2257~Molly~Campbell~01/01/1941~Molly Campbell serves as a nursery nurse in England~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/nuk.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2260~Ken~Frost~29/08/1946~Ken Frost is drafted into the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/i1l.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2261~Belmont~Shannon~06/06/1944~Belmont Shannon participates in D-Day landings~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/g3m.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2262~William~Hitchon~01/07/1943~William Hitchon serves as protection for the Royal family in England~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ddo.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2266~Clyde~Bougie~01/09/1945~Clyde Bougie travels to Hong Kong to free prisoners of war~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/fxf.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2267~Audrey~Detheridge~06/07/1943~Audrey Detheridge is called to duty in Toronto for the Canaadian Woman's Army Core (CWAC)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/qwuipvcvisuoipqvbfig.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2269~Edward~Jesseman~08/03/1945~Edward Jesseman is wounded in Germany~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/gm1.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2270~John~Bilyk~19/07/1942~John Bylik enlists in the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/gts.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2271~John~Cathie~01/09/1943~John Cathie and troops land in Italy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/smf.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2272~Harold~Shaw~28/06/1941~Harold Shaw and his twin brother enlist in the Air Force~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/hxr.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2273~Sol~Zulauf~02/07/1941~Sol Zulauf enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ejqwxlepaniwdiukwbso.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2274~Mendel~Thrasher~24/12/1943~Mendel Thresher is interrogated by Germans on induction to a Prisoners of War (POW) camp~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/bfasuqyvnfmsgbtegtnr.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2276~Jan~Szklarz~30/06/1940~Jan Szklarz is serving in the Polish Army when he is captured by Germans~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/wzv.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2277~Harold~Hall~10/01/1940~Harold Hall enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/qouycgfyyhxdglnefqjp.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2280~Frederick~Chapman~13/07/1943~Frederick Chapman and his regiment land in Sicily~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ov0.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2282~Joe~Bill~13/08/1944~Joe Bill is wounded while fighting in France~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/gvv.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2285~Warren~Urquhart~29/07/1941~Warren Urquhart enlists in the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/0pv.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2286~Bill~Teleske~24/12/1943~Bill Teleske is stationed in the trenches in Ortona, Italy on Christmas Eve~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/uho.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2288~Ross~Hamilton~01/10/1944~Ross Hamilton serves in the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) 407 Squadron in Sussex~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/zwe.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2289~Roman~Zaraza~01/06/1940~Roman Zaraza serves in the Polish Army in Lithuania~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/aqv.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2291~Godfrey~Schaupmeyer~21/08/1944~Godfrey Schaupmeyer and his division serve in the Falaise Gap~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/lmc.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2293~Stephen~Boczar~01/03/1943~Stephen Boczar and his squadron complete air raids on Berlin~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/sf3.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2295~Rudy~Deutsch~04/01/1943~Rudy Deutsch enlists as a stretcher bearer in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/vij.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2298~Gordon~Wright~15/05/1944~Gordon Wright participates in the English Channel blackade leading up to D-Day~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/a42.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2299~Frank~Wong~09/07/1944~Frank Wong serves in the 2nd National Workshop Unit in Caen, France~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/uzl.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2310~Victor~Wong~16/01/1944~Victor Wong serves as a "Zombie" for the Canadian Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/sdj.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2313~Peggy~Lee~01/01/1942~Peggy Lee serves in the St. John's Ambulance Corps~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/0q3.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2317~Norm~Jenkins~01/01/1942~Norm Jenkins enlists in the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) and oversees engine and propellor manufacturing~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/3yh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2318~Joseph~Sullivan~06/06/1944~Joseph Sullivan serves in the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division during D-Day~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/weu.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2319~Fred~Guest~25/12/1944~Fred Guest finishes his tour with Bomber Command during the Battle of the Bulge~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/gjl.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2320~Gordon~Ritchie~07/06/1944~Gordon Ritchie and 429 Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) Squadron are attacked while on mission in France~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/lm3.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2321~Gordon~MacKenzie~20/12/1943~Gordon MacKenzie partcipates in the Battle of Ortona~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/fenyfizggokwhpedgmrj.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2325~Leonard~Bookbinder~01/12/1944~Leonard Bookbinder serves in the navy on HMCS New Liskeard~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/myb.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2327~Robert~O'Connor~29/12/1942~Robert O'Conner enlists in the Air Force~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/wgi.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2329~William~Rawluk~04/07/1944~William Rawluk and the Calgary Highlanders land in France~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/1pl.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2331~Jean~Holmes~01/02/1944~Jean Holmes enlists as a nurse with the Army and serves in England~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/42z.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2333~Maurice~White~10/07/1943~Maurice White lands in Sicily, Italy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/wmi.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2356~Roy~Page~23/07/1940~Roy Page lies about his age and enters the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/m55.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2357~Doug~Dickson~25/12/1944~Doug Dickson proposes to his future wife with the ring he paid for by flying under a bridge in Lethridge, AB~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/551.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2358~George~Ens~01/01/1943~George Ens enlists and trains in Camp Borden, Ontario~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/jt5.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2359~Jim~Venables~29/04/1943~Jim Venables serves in the 435 Squadron making runs in Burma~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/lry.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2360~Russell~Earl~25/09/1944~Russell Earl completes a bombing raid in Calais, France~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/vfv.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2362~Paul~Bentley~01/06/1944~Paul Bentley is stationed in Shaftesbury, England before D-Day~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/oif.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2366~Harold~Ward~01/08/1941~Harold ward transfers over to the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/2ck.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2367~Arthur~Dean~10/08/1943~Arthur Dean participates as an Air Bomber in a raid on Nuremburg, Germany~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/i5d.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2369~Archie~Stover~01/12/1944~Archie Stover is part of Canadian reinforcements in France~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/uh1.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2370~George~Ufnal~25/12/1944~George Ufnal and troops spend Christmas in Ortona, Italy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ovj.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2371~Bill~Baluk~15/12/1944~Bill Baluk has his first mission in Bomber Command over Ludwickshaven, Germany~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/0zu.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2372~Joe~Hickson~01/09/1942~Joe Hickson enlists in the Air Force~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/fpoaiapokxmndmvntfpm.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2373~Diane~Hawthorne~07/09/1940~Diane Hawthorne serves in the army during the London Blitz~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/bvq.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2374~Vernon~Barr~06/06/1944~Vernon Barr participates in D-day~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/fh3.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2376~Alexander~Bramson~01/01/1944~Alexander Bramson begins service on HMCS Ettrick~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/cdz.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2378~Lawrence~Weldon~03/05/1944~Lawrence Weldon completes his Navy training in Toronto, Ontario~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/qzq.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2380~Beryl~Howe, nÈe Howard~01/01/1943~Beryl Howe enlists with the Women's Royal Navy Service (WRNS) as a cryptologist~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/mkr.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2381~Alfred~Warford~09/07/1944~Alfred Warford serves in the army during the Battle for Caen~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/lg2.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2382~John~Wasilenchuk~01/01/1944~John Wasilenchuk and crew are torpedoed off the coast of North Africa~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/oam.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2384~Catherine~Anderson~20/10/1940~Catherine Anderson is called to duty for the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/4d3.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2387~Edwin~Badger~11/08/1940~Edwin Badger enlists in the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ekh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2393~Edward~Plummer~09/09/1939~Edward Plummer enlists in the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/umo.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2395~Ian~Herd~28/05/1945~Ian Herd's fellow navigators die in a crash off the coast of Sri Lanka~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/mmk.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2423~Eugene~Steeves~11/01/1943~Eugene Steeves enlists in the Air Force~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ajirtqehzgygloassalq.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2427~Richard~Dutka~10/11/1943~Richard Dutka is captured by Germans after his plane is shot down after a bombing raid~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/xrdqrkhzjtmlkjnepahw.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2428~Kenneth~Marchant~24/10/1943~Kenneth Marchant finishes his basic training and is shipped to BC~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/zmh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2432~George~Heron~12/06/1944~George Heron and crew support troops already in Normandy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/3zr.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2434~Herbert~Britton~27/06/1944~Herbert Britton and crew arrive in France~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/tde.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2435~Hugh~Kidney~01/12/1942~Hugh Kidney enlists in the Army and serves as a dispatch rider~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/1ww.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2436~Alfred~Carpenter~01/01/1943~Aldfred Carpenter serves as in the Navy doing minesweeping~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/0ei.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2438~Harry~Inns~01/07/1943~Harry Inns and the 621 Strike Squadron make their way up the eastern coast of Africa~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/szuhdamubnocajzryvsz.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2440~Robert~Yule~01/04/1945~Robert Yule boards RMS Aquitania to serve in Europe~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/z3l.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2441~Albert~Hogg~11/09/1939~Albert Hogg enlists as a medic for the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/fa3.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2446~Blanche~Lund~01/02/1943~Blanche Lund performs as a dancer for troops with the Navy Special Service~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ecf.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2449~Richard~Clements~19/09/1944~Richard Clements is called to serve in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/orn.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2454~Paul~Chan~01/01/1944~Paul Chan and troops are deployed to Sri Lanka~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/sdn.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2458~Wendell~Harper~07/03/1945~Wendell Harper gets a surprise attack by a German air fighter~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/fi0.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2459~Oscar~Fiteni~09/01/1940~Oscar Fetini joins the Army in his native Egypt~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/p4d.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2460~Weldon~Moffatt~01/01/1945~Weldon Moffatt performs his first mission for the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ylwfajesabcgzylkdrzp.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2462~Stanley~Creelman~25/12/1944~Stanley Creelman spends Christmas fighting in Ortona, Italy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/inhjrhnyuslwcgkeyxjj.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2463~Daniel~Goniea~11/02/1940~Daniel Goniea is called to serve in the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/1nk.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2466~William~Sheppard~15/07/1944~William Sheppard arrives in Normandy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/lr2.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2478~Lloyd~Queen~08/06/1944~Lloyd Queen and reinforcements arrive on Juno Beach~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/cvr.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2479~Herbert~Heron~01/07/1944~Herbert Heron gets married in Canada~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/gxo.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2480~Cyril~Hammond~01/01/1943~Cyril Hammond trains with the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/tl0.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2485~Frank~Reneau~28/08/1942~Frank Reneau begins serving in the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/3pr.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2489~Robert~McGirr~07/09/1942~Robert McGirr enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/4x3.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2491~Stanley~Anderson~22/07/1944~Stanley Anderson is wounded in battle~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/qrarbvnvfwezelaldckd.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2493~William~Elliott~15/03/1940~William Elliot joins the Army as a driver~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/lgk.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2496~Clarence~Sweeney~12/04/1943~Clarence Sweeney enlists in the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/wre.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2499~Joan~Manning~03/04/1945~Joan Manning runs into her childhood friend before he is sent back into battle~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/exlraecgldrgmarvoncn.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2509~Raymond~Lefrancois~01/01/1942~Raymond Lefrancois joins the navy over the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/yac.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2510~LÈo~Fortin~02/09/1940~Leo Fortin begins primary training in Quebec~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/n5f.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2511~Clifford~Mizzen~24/03/1944~Clifford Mizzen qualifies as an air gunner~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/351.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2512~Romuald~Pepin~17/09/1943~Romuald Pepin is certified as a gunner with the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ugf.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2513~Emile~Turcot~08/05/1945~Emile Turcot and troops take the city of Oldenburg, Germany before the war ends~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/xdcrizpwnlzbnudizoqd.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2515~Roland~Gravel~19/08/1942~Roland Gravel survives the raid on Dieppe~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/jxq.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2516~Jacques~Catudal~15/08/1945~Jacques Catudel is stationed in Vancouver during Victory in Japan Day~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/lzn.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2517~LÈon~DesLauriers~01/01/1945~Léon DesLauriers enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/3bt.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2518~Percy~Jackson~08/05/1945~Percy Jackson decides to stay and serve in Germany for another year~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/q3k.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2519~Marcel~Caron~23/01/1941~Marcel Caron is called to serve in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/xrf.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2520~Geoffrey~Knowles~22/01/1945~Geoffrey Knowles participates in the Battle for Kangaw in Burma~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/rps.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2521~Fernand~Giguere~01/06/1943~Farnand Giguere is wounded while training in Farnham, Quebec~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/2gp.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2522~Charles~Marinier~19/02/1941~Charles Marinier enlists in the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/tdy.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2523~Jean-Paul~Bertrand~01/05/1945~Jean-Paul Bertrand and the 2nd Division hold a number of surrendered Germany troops~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/wwd.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2524~Henri~Botham~01/01/1940~Henri Botham enlists in the Air Force~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/xyh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2525~Georges~Charrier~07/12/1941~Georges Charrier is aboard HMCS Windflower when it collides with a cargo ship~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/m5a.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2526~Marc~Boivin~15/08/1945~Marc Boivin trains with the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) Alouettes Squadron when the war ends in Japan~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/fbs.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2528~Victor~GuÈrin~20/12/1943~Victor Guérin is stationed with D Company, Royal 22nd Regiment, during the Battle for Ortona~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/nse.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2529~Frederick~Gray~08/05/1945~Frederick Gray serves with the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) in Madras, India, during VE-Day~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/rvj.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2530~Rena~Chaplin~01/05/1942~Rena Chaplin begins training in the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) - Women's Division~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/kst.jpg
2http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=533~Gerald~Derick~01/09/1944~Gerald Derick travels to Europe to fight in the trenches~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/3bh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2536~Norma~Dillon~06/06/1944~Norma Dillon is on night duty in Toronto during the Normandy Invasions~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/4cv.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2539~Jerry~O'Connor~01/05/1940~Jerry O'Conner is captured as a German Prisoners of War (POW)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/t33.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2541~Harry~Fogel~08/05/1945~Harry Fogel celebrates in London during VE-Day~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/u5w.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2542~Joseph~Abramovitch~01/04/1944~Joseph Abramovitch lands in Italy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ms2.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2543~Hyman~Sazant~19/04/1941~Hyman Sazant enlists in the Special Forces~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/rcj.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2544~Doug~Mullen~30/01/1943~Doug Mullen is transferred to British Columbia as part of the Air Force~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/i1i.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2550~Robert~Perry~07/03/1941~Robert Perry enlists in the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) as an air bomber~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/kdmtogbemwbyrewfkjgu.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2551~John~Mornan~19/01/1943~John Mornan is sworn into the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/kdw.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2552~Alexander~Paton~11/06/1944~Alexander Paton and troops land in France to capture the Carpiquet airport~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/qhs.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2553~James~Lovie~01/07/1945~James Lovie finishes his tour and returns to Britain~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/hkh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2556~Gillis~Mackinnon~06/06/1944~Gillis Mackinnon serves in a hospital for Allied troops~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/oan.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2579~George~Kehl~28/04/1943~George Kehl begins active service with the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/gah.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2580~June~Melton~01/01/1945~June Melton transfers to a hospital in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/xka.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2583~Lorna~Collacott~15/06/1945~Lorna Collacott gets married on her Friday off in England~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/pns.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2584~Selwyn~Stephens~01/04/1942~Selwyn Stephens begins service with the Air Force~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/rawaduhbwjhrrjmfwsqk.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2590~Bert~Barker~12/02/1943~Bert Barker tries to join the Air Force 3 months too young~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/n0v.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2593~Arthur~Drake~19/08/1942~Arthur Drake participates in the raid on Dieppe~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/k1r.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2601~John~Kubis~10/05/1945~John Kubis and crew of HMCS Rockcliffe capture a German submarine~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/yr1.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2603~John~O'Neill~05/06/1944~John O'Neill and troops sail to Normandy, only to be recalled and invade the next day~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/qqy.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2606~Kenneth~McKenzie~09/09/1939~Kenneth McKenzie enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/b0f.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2610~John~Anderson~09/07/1944~John Anderson performs a bomb sweep in Bethune, France~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/o2s.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2616~Orille~Hogue~09/08/1944~Orille Hogue participates in the "big push" to close the Falaise Gap in France~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/rhwbtecfjxokvjiucxgc.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2619~John~Harmer~01/04/1945~John Harmer sees Japanese kamikaze pilots attack HMS Victorious~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/4y4.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2620~Sheridan~Atkinson~09/07/1943~Sheridan Atkinson participates in the Allied landing of Sicily~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/pcb.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2623~Joan~Dowe~01/01/1943~Joan Dowe serves in the Women's Army Corps (WAC) with the coastal defense of Britain~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/who.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2624~Howard~O'Connor~01/01/1941~Howard O'Conner serves as bomber pilot in the Royal Air Force (RAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/1gl.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2625~Kent~Ford~15/08/1945~Kent Ford is training for Pacific bombing operations when Victory in Japan is declared~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/dfp.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2626~Elisabeth~Wallis~06/06/1944~Elisabeth Wallis serves in a naval hospital during D-Day~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/4ws.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2627~Roderick~White~01/06/1944~Roderick White begins service in England~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/5er.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2628~Peter~Chance~01/09/1941~Peter Chance is stationed in Malaysia with the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/zjj.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2630~Cyril~Yarnell~01/10/1940~Cyril Yarnell enlists in the Air Force and tours with the 403 Squadron~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/k4n.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2631~Agnes~Ward~01/05/1943~Agnes Ward and fellow Women Division (WDs) depart for England~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/yvb.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2633~Valerie~Simmons~03/07/1941~Valerie Simmons survives a bombing in a London nightclub~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/pjr.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2636~Frank~Round~01/08/1943~Frank Round and troops fight their way up the Liri Valley in Italy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/fyp.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2637~John~Beach~01/07/1943~John Beach finishes his medical training early and serves in the Royal Canadian Army Medical Corps (RCAMC)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/muvkjzjgvapuomzdlzzt.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2638~Allen~Lucas~01/01/1942~Allen Lucas enlists as a soldier in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/vdq.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2639~Jim~Caird~01/11/1944~Jim Caird operates as a tank driver in the town of Rijssen, Holland~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/5p5.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2655~Margaret~Duff~01/01/1940~Margaret Duff is stationed in Scotland with the Air Force~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/mx5.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2656~Robert~Fletcher~18/12/1942~Robert Fletcher is commisioned into the Air Force and serves in North Africa~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/b20.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2662~Bill~Hoag~17/03/1944~Bill Hoag is bombed while stationed in Burma~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/twz.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2667~Frank~Boyd~01/11/1942~Frank Boyd enlists in the 101 RAF Squadron~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/eoz.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2668~Frederick~Nash~25/12/1944~Frederick Nash and crew crash into a German submarine~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/hbxrbfemnfxexyzxjmxb.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2679~Dietrich~Puetter~01/10/1939~Dietrich Puetter enlists in the German Air Force~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/1lp.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2681~Gordon~Redcliffe~01/01/1941~Gordon Redcliffe joins the Air Force as a mechanic~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/w53.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2685~William~Husson~25/04/1944~William Husson bombs the Obersaltzburg, Hitler's hideaway in the Swiss Alps~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/r3k.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2686~Bruce~Bullock~17/01/1944~Bruce Bullock is injured while fighting in the Battle for Monte Cassino~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/idpgjyttggmzforuwzen.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2695~Lorne~Yule~01/01/1942~Lorne Yule enlists in the Air Force as a mechanic~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/tep.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2696~Maurice~Hundleby~01/10/1944~Maurice Hundleby is sent to the European front~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/3gm.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2698~Margaret~Fletcher~09/07/1944~Margaret Fletcher tends to troops injured in the Battle of Caen~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ecixezknlotgvuxfostx.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2702~Eugene~Gosh~01/01/1938~Eugene Gosh begins service in the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/uhj.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2705~Lillian~Wylie (nÈe Warren)~01/01/1943~Lillian Wylie serves in the British Women's Land Army working in agriculture~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/2qp.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2706~Nora~Oliver (nÈe Carrington)~01/09/1942~Nora Oliver joins the WRENS and works for Lord Mountbatten's headquarters~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/hzgntfpaeoavakmmyezr.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2709~Isobel~Smith~01/01/1940~Isobel Smith joins the air force first as a cook, then as a nurse's aid~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ghn.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2714~Charles~Lepine~16/10/1940~Charles Lepine enlists in the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/mfljrgceicqygnaujfbr.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2715~Fred~Russell~29/12/1942~Fred Russell enlists in the Air Force as a musician~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/nia.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2716~Daisy~Bird~01/01/1942~Daisy Bird enlists in the Women's Auxiliary Air Force~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/0fa.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2717~Fred~Constable~22/02/1944~Fred Coonstable begins service in the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/loz.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2720~John~Kirk~20/12/1945~John Kirk returns home to Victoria, British Columbia~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/cyfvlqdelfcuqmfiyyqx.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2723~Philip~Bissell~07/11/1944~Philip Bissell enlists in the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/cfqybhwblurgfalxzrff.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2737~Terence~Elworthy~01/10/1939~Terence Elworthy is a cadet when he is called to service in Hong Kong~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/y2f.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2740~Peter~Thomas~01/03/1943~Pater Thomas and crew are attacked by a German submarine in the Bay of Biscay~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/lbucpjbqnddqjnzsflht.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2741~Kenneth~Pask~01/05/1941~Kenneth Pask enlists in the Air Force and serves in the South Pacific~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/nvqqtvzmbgdvndawjggt.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2742~Norma~Curry~01/01/1941~Norma Curry joins the Women's Auxiliary Air Force~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/w42.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2743~C~Richards~15/01/1945~Mr. Richards arrives in Horsham, England~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/sgsbdvalyylggowjukpx.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2744~Albert~Walsh~01/01/1943~Albert Walsh enlists in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/icskgmzsyutxermkwyry.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2756~Arthur~Anderson~19/01/1945~Arthur Anderson is relocated in a Prisoner of War (POW) camp~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/bnzkyukbuqxyxivwukoo.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2777~Wilson~Large~19/08/1942~Wilson Large fights in the Battle of Dieppe~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/050.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2800~Henry~Seewald~06/09/1943~Henry Seewald joins the Air Force and builds radios~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/zlnuohjgrtptabcicbin.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2816~Wilma~Cooke~01/05/1943~Wilma Cooke travels to European Front as a nurse~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/03w.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2818~Hilda~Senter~01/05/1943~Hilda Senter serves is Egypt with the Air Force~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/uw5.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2837~Joyce~Mullen~30/06/1943~Joyce Mullen finishes her training with the Royal Canadian Air Force Women's Division~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/mddvhwcuhrlkvnjmhbxs.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2850~John~Shaw~06/04/1944~John Shaw completes his Engine Room Artificer Apprenticeship with the Navy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/qydxnraltcqpnonoetyh.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2851~Walter~Weir~01/02/1945~Walter Weir joins The Royal Regina Rifles Regiment in the Army~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/ubgcyufzvvliypxgwndk.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2853~Howard~Love~03/09/1943~Henry Love and troops cross the Straits of Messina in Italy~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/dunuxkuayfrhvteqfjgz.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2855~John~Yeomans~22/02/1942~John Yeomans is shot down while returning from air raid over Germany~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/bwlvamovbrmpjjoffxfy.jpg
http://www.thememoryproject.com/stories/veteran-profile.aspx?itemid=2863~Donald~Bowman~27/12/1944~Donald Bowman and crew on HMSC Edmunston sink a German submarine~http://www.thememoryproject.com/VeteranAssets/Artifact/Thumb_Small/fmixzgnxdtmxccaatshe.jpg